I mean for me this is the first time
I've spoken to my ex-wife at all in
years and there were various bizarre
things to be addressed there like at one
point my ex-wife asked me out of the
blue and I'm not complaining but there
was no segue she asked me out of the
blue she said oh what's happening with
thee the court case against durianrider
and my reply was why don't you ask him
you're the one who talks upon the
following like the other morning phones
above a dog though
and she didn't deny it she she except
the sheen she knew she was guilty as
charged
she so we confirmed that my ex-wife has
indeed phoned up durianrider and told
him a multi-millionaire which is what
dairy might are also reporter
you know when she's phoned up these
other people that we'd already confirmed
independently she'd phoned up vegan
cheetah Charles Marlow Jo vegan oh yeah
oh right right right a friend of that
Josh I can't begin revolution right so
no she had she had a campaign to defame
me here on YouTube by phoning up and and
bad-mouthing me to these other youtubers
what were the outcomes like it made
durianrider look even crazier than he
already seemed to be like you know what
I'm saying though but I mean it's also
worth reflecting on like okay how did
that work for you and you know what are
the long-term outcomes in terms of just
having a productive cooperative
relationship with the father of your
daughter you know so that that's very
strange but we didn't get I mean there
wasn't any apology from her or anything
there she didn't she didn't say that she
would never do that again
oh she didn't say she regretted it or
that she'd do better in the future I
mean there's all kinds of things you
could say to make that better
nope so she just sat there and took
knows that yup she she phoned up
durianrider and told them what a
terrible person I am and that and then
I'm a millionaire as though that's the
worst thing about me there's one the
worst thing about me is that I'm so
wealthy is that I'm just you know
[Music]
yeah and I'm not and on the on the
contrary I mean in terms of in terms of
my worldly wealth I just spent all the
money I had in the world to to fly to
France have a beautiful apartment for 15
days the department turned out really
well and it was it was really well
priced too it was much cheaper than
singing hotel but to rent an apartment
for more like 20 days right were there
for about 20 days in total but for 15
days my daughter rent the apartment and
shower my daughter with gifts you know
we gave her a pair of Nintendo 2ds and a
lot of other nice gifts but you know
just just stuff like this to you I mean
every day even if there were little
gifts we just get her little things get
her little little you know whatever are
desired and you know again we we had
lifetime but yes in terms of like all
the money I had in the world that's
that's pretty much what I put on the
line there and now I'm back in China out
with my less than minimum wage job it's
the money or just stop breathing cause
if it ain't about that dough it ain't
about me neither